Justin Behrman
FINAL PROJECT PLANNING
Project: Financial App 
	I plan to make a financial app that will be simple to use. I know there are a ton of apps out there that have a lot of features such as budgeting and nice graphs. My problem is that most people don’t know how to use all their features and become intimidated. My financial app will be easy to use and for the average user. The premise of the app is to have a user create an account on the site. This account probably won’t be too complex other than a username and password. Then the user can add credit/debit cards. It will ask for the last 4 digits of the card and optionally whether it’s a Mastercard, Visa, etc. It will also ask for an optional custom name for the card. Whenever the card is used, the user manually inputs the amount spent and on what. At the end of the month, they can do a query for the last month for each card and get statistics like how much was spent. There will also be a calculator on what they spent and a searching feature for how many times they spent a certain amount, when they spent a certain amount, or a custom query for the past few months to see how much they spent for that card (might implement an option for all cards). Now manually entering data such as the card and what was spent can get repetitive, and users might be drawn away from that. The beef of the project will be to have the user connect their cards with the app and then whenever they spent something, it will be on the app and they don’t have to do anything. Some smaller features might be just to have a simple calculator screen which will also have a link to the calculator on their phone. 

Multiscreen: The app will have several screens such as a login app, a calendar screen with an option to pick their card. There will be a screen for custom searches which will either result in a calendar screen or a list view. Of course, there will be a login screen to login to their bank account or enter their card number. Lastly, there will be a statistic screen for the month.

Database: The app will need to store the cards entered, the username and password for the app itself. It might also need to store the username and password for their bank account but still debating because that might be unsafe.

Networking: The app will need to grab card information from the bank associated with the card. This means accessing their balance and transition history.

Problems: There might not be a suitable API to support getting the transition history. Worst case, the app will only be able to support major companies such as MasterCard, Visa, etc.
